desktop/linux: Add instructions to remove old systemd units (#14468)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/linux/index.md

  N: Download is performed unsandboxed as root, as file '/home/user/Downloads/docker-desktop.deb' couldn't be accessed by user '_apt'. - pkgAcquire::Run (13: Permission denied)
  ```

> If you have installed one of the previous releases and install the new package over it (as opposed to removing the old package explicitly), you will have to make sure that `~/.config/systemd/user/docker-desktop.service` and `~/.local/share/systemd/user/docker-desktop.service` are removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have installed one of the previous releases and reinstall the new package over it (as opposed to removing the old package explicitly), you need to make sure that `~/.config/systemd/user/docker-desktop.service` and `~/.local/share/systemd/user/docker-desktop.service` are removed.
```
